add notes on how to handle "error: externally-managed-environment" during install/upgrade (#2160)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/semgrep-appsec-platform/error-externally-managed-environment.md

hint: See PEP 668 for the detailed specification.
```

Error message on Ubuntu:

```console
error: externally-managed-environment

× This environment is externally managed
╰─> To install Python packages system-wide, try apt install
 python3-xyz, where xyz is the package you are trying to
 install.
    
 If you wish to install a non-Debian-packaged Python package,
 create a virtual environment using python3 -m venv path/to/venv.
 Then use path/to/venv/bin/python and path/to/venv/bin/pip. Make
 sure you have python3-full installed.
    
 If you wish to install a non-Debian packaged Python application,
 it may be easiest to use pipx install xyz, which will manage a
 virtual environment for you. Make sure you have pipx installed.
    
 See /usr/share/doc/python3.12/README.venv for more information.

note: If you believe this is a mistake, please contact your Python installation or OS distribution provider. You can override this, at the risk of breaking your Python installation or OS, by passing --break-system-packages.
hint: See PEP 668 for the detailed specification.
```

## How to fix this error

> To fix this error and successfully install Semgrep:
> 
> 1. Install Semgrep using `homebrew` instead of `pip`. Note that there are several drawbacks to this option that you should be aware of:
>    1. The Semgrep version available on `homebrew` might be older than versions available through `pip`, because `homebrew` requires package approval, while `pip` doesn't.
>    2. Linux users may not already have `homebrew`.
> 2. Install Semgrep using [`pipx`](https://github.com/pypa/pipx). `pipx` creates a virtual environment for you and installs Semgrep in the newly created virtual environment.
> 
> The following options are also available for bypassing this error message, though Semgrep recommends neither of these:
> 
> 1. Manually set up a virtual environment using `venv` and install Semgrep in the virtual environment.
> 2. Ignore and bypass the error message using the `--break-system-packages` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most users, the simplest solution is to install [`pipx`](https://github.com/pypa/pipx) and then `pipx install semgrep`. `pipx` automatically manages virtual environments for standalone Python applications.

If you're already using a custom Python virtual environment, you can install Semgrep in your existing virtual environment instead.

You can also install Semgrep using [`homebrew`](https://brew.sh/) instead of `pip`.
```
